feat: vercel edge middleware support (#7532)
withastro/astro: .changeset/strong-years-travel.md

---
'astro': minor
---

Introduced a new build option for SSR, called `build.excludeMiddleware`.

```js
// astro.config.mjs
import {defineConfig} from "astro/config";

export default defineConfig({
    build: {
        excludeMiddleware: true
    }
})
```

> When enabled, the code that belongs to be middleware **won't** be imported
> by the final pages/entry points. The user is responsible to import it and 
> call it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, the code that belongs to be middleware **won't** be imported
by the final pages/entry points. The user is responsible for importing it and 
calling it manually.
```
